hey guys what's up welcome back to the
small it exchange in where I show you
how to cook some of my favourite recipes
in my 400 square foot studio apartment
in Brooklyn New York if I can make them
in this small space so can you so today
I'm gonna be showing you guys how to
make this new recipe I'm pretty sure if
perfected it it's a blueberry high fiber
high protein smoothie it's really really
good it's very low in sugar and you can
eat it either on a whole meal or you can
cut it in half and have it as a snack
and I'm also going to be chatting with
you guys today about what I teach my
clients in terms of nutrition I teach
them how to eat what I call 3ff protein
healthy fat fiber it's gonna help you
burn fat boost your metabolism if you're
interested in losing fat this is
definitely something you were gonna want
to watch and learn more about from the
nutrition standpoint and yeah if you
love this series and you want to see
more cooking videos with me give this
video a like give it a thumbs up and
subscribe for more content
tell her to petite women other than that
let's just get into this blueberry
smoothie alright so let's go through all
the ingredients that you need to make
this recipe so you need Oh Otto but
you're gonna use about 50 grams you can
pretty much gonna be about a quarter
size of an avocado that's them
cauliflower which I'm gonna talk about
why in a minute you're gonna have some
chia seeds you need almond butter just a
tablespoon we have our frozen berries
you have a collagen at protein powder
from my own protein and some on milk
okay so why these ingredients first off
let's start with the protein because the
protein is going to be the most
important part of eating PFF or protein
part of the acronym PFF a stands for
protein if you want to have at least 20
to 30 grams of protein in every meal
every day this is because protein is one
of the macronutrients out of fats and
also carbohydrates that keep you the
most full they shut down your appetite
hormones and it's going to keep you
satiated so you're not having krei
throughout the day a lot of people skip
having protein at breakfast and this
leads to Caribbeans throughout the day
so having protein at every meal is gonna
help you build muscle it's gonna help
you burn fat it's gonna help keep you
full it's gonna be really really
important so I love viral proteins
college when because it's completely
flavorless it adds about 20 grams of
protein in two scoops and it dissolves
perfectly into anything like I have
tried so many protein powders you guys
and I have not found one like this and
I've been using this for years as a
result okay so moving on to the first F
and PFF it's clunky fat so fat is does
not make you fat start messing that in
fact it's really important to have in
your meals you want to have at least a
tablespoon and you know at least one to
two tablespoons of healthy fats in your
meals is going to keep you full as well
after protein it's the second
macronutrient that's gonna keep you the
most full it's also really important as
women for our hormones and also having
these things in your meals is going to
slow down the uptake of sugar into your
bloodstream and having steady blood
sugar levels throughout the day is what
allows your body to stay in fat-burning
mode for example eating carbohydrates
completely naked and alone it's gonna
lead to a blood sugar spike that is
going to get your body to speed more in
fat storing mode and the reason why is
because when we eat carbohydrates alone
or we have a huge meal we release a
hormone called insulin and insulin is a
storage hormone you could say insulin a
storage hormone so when insulin comes in
it's gonna clear all of your sugar out
of your system and it's gonna have to
find a place to put it and unfortunately
our energy stores can't hold that much
so when there's overspill and we can't
use the immediate energy it's just gonna
get stored as fat and so that's why
eating carbs alone it Peaks your blood
sugar which Peaks your insulin which is
just gonna contribute to more fat
storage what you want is to have your
carbohydrates embedded in a meal you
know with your protein and your healthy
fats so that the uptake of sugar into
the bloodstream is slower it's not a
huge spike which means your insulin
won't have a huge spike which means you
won't have as much fat storage
throughout the day so it's really really
important for you
that's why eating PFF is so useful
because it's literally a system for you
to eat at every meal or snack throughout
the day that's gonna keep your body in
fat-burning mode so for healthy fats
these are good for your cholesterol your
heart you could go with I would say you
know avocados and nut butters are really
good options because they have fiber
also cocoa like dark chocolate has a lot
of fiber in it which is great
these are good options because they have
fiber in it which is great because you
get the fiber and the fats in both after
that you can think of things like like
olive oil which is a you know a healthy
fat but it doesn't have a fiber in it
because it's a liquid so you're gonna
have a bakoto and our home and butter as
our healthy fats also chia seeds do have
some fats in it the chia seeds mostly
though for the fiber what's great is a
tablespoon of chia seeds has 4 grams of
dietary fiber and fiber which is the
third F or the second half but the third
letter you know I'm saying it is really
important for slowing down the uptake of
sugar into the bloodstream as well it is
a type of carbohydrate which is great
but it's one that's not metabolized it
just slows down your digestion which is
so important and a lot of us don't get
enough fiber you want to aim as a woman
to get about 25 to 30 grams 30 grams
honestly is better for you as a petite
woman however if you currently only get
like 10 grams of fiber per day just turn
that dial up really slowly because you
do not want to be getting diarrhea from
increasing your fiber too quickly and
then I also have that scared me so much
something just fell but we're gonna
we're gonna just we're gonna keep going
so we also vanilla almond milk you can
use unsweetened almond milk you can use
any type of milk for your liquid is
totally fine Klee we have some steamed
cauliflower okay you guys trust me I
never thought that having
cauliflower and a smoothie would vibe
like I did not think that was the move
it makes as well as avocado and
smoothies really creamy which is amazing
like the texture it just tastes really
really good so we have our blueberries
here frozen you're gonna have one cup of
the blueberry is frozen you're gonna
have one with chia seeds we're gonna
have two scoops of our collagen peptides
one tablespoon of almond butter 50 grams
or one quarter of an avocado half a cup
of steamed cauliflower and half a cup of
your almond milk and then a little scoop
ice and then what you also need is some
kind of blender I have a magic bullet I
love magic bullet it's great by the way
I should have mentioned all of the stuff
pretty much is linked up and I in the
small etics Amazon store which I'll
leave below
right so we're taking a half a cup these
are kind of melted okay well they smell
so good
also in blueberries as a snack like
frozen is also really good I don't know
if any of you guys do that next up we
can add the avocado I'm going to cut
this cut it around I
not a shadow not a good size should just
say that like anything I'm doing here
you guys probably not the right way to
do it you put her in a circle and then
you just twist it he comes off pretty
sweet and I'm just gonna take about a
quarter of this so I'm gonna cut it in
half but you're gonna take it easy all
right next up we can add about half a
cup of all this noise whatever I also
love cauliflower it's just really
delicious veggie and because it doesn't
really add any flavor it's you know you
can add as much as you want it's a nice
way to get some extra veggies you can
actually probably see sneak some greens
in here like like a cup of spinach and
really taste it I'm gonna add the final
protein scoop now I'm gonna add two
scoops when you really get the protein
up one two by the way you guys when you
eat PMS you're gonna be able to crush
your cravings a lot better peace your
blood sugars gonna be six people that
you're gonna be not experiencing blood
sugar crashes from your mules throughout
the day which just makes you hungrier so
eating this way this has so many
benefits it's really healthy it helps
you burn fat okay we're gonna do one
tablespoon of chia seeds peanut butter
is only the first one butter sorry the
almond butter off the spoon I'm using
Justin's own butter which I absolutely
love there's only two ingredients in it
and by the way you guys when you were
looking for any type of nut butter try
to find an option don't try just do it
find an option then only
one or two ingredients like there should
not if you look on the back like if you
look on the back of jiffy or Skippy or
whatever there is probably like ten
ingredients and not peanut butter
because they add a bunch of crap you
want to have just the ingredients should
just be almonds and sometimes they'll
add some like this one has palm oil
ultimately though in organic just single
ingredient option is gonna be your best
that means it's not gonna have added
sugars or added salt which you don't
need there's just no reason for it and
these tastes so good I don't know why
anyone would buy the other kinds like
Skippy doesn't even use like peanut
butter to me anymore when I have it so
this is the way to go we got our half
cup of almond milk next I'm also not
doing this on my kitchen counter I
should know this is like my desk so this
is kind of risque I think I'm gonna
should just do it alright I'm gonna get
a little bit of pace and we're gonna
blend it up
[Music]
here we have it see the lid off oh this
looks so good and it's like this
beautiful deep plum blueberry smaller
and I like to have sort of like a
thicker consistency to my smoothie you
can absolutely add a little bit more
almond milk and it will be more liquidy
obviously yeah I'm gonna try it oh my
god this is so good and there's no added
sugar that's what's so amazing about it
there's no sweetener in it it doesn't
need any sweetener like it's sweet from
the blueberries it's creamy it's
delicious it tastes like buttery and
blueberry I love it
alright you guys I hope that you liked
this episode of small girl small kitchen
if you have any requests for things you
can let me know in the comments yeah I
hope you guys have a great day remember
to give this video a like and subscribe
for content tailored to keep women and
I'll see you next week
[Music]